# Bottle-Racket and Test-Capture

This portion of Racket-QA deals with two components:
* `Bottle-Racket` is just a converter. It converts a Bottlenose Perl test file from the OPL course into Racket test cases. This is intended to be used on Problem Sets 1, 2, 3, and 5 which are provided in the testing directory. For our purposes this is all we need for test suites.
* `Test-Capture` generates scripts to run test suites, configure an email list to send the results to, and run these generated scripts.

### Video Demonstration

The following YouTube video link demonstrates how to use `Bottle-Racket` to convert Bottlenose test files into Racket files, and then use `Test-Capture` to create scripts that run them and send results to an email list.
[**Video Demonstration**][Bottle-Video]

### Bottle-Racket GUI

File: `bottle-racket.rkt`
As stated previously, `Bottle-Racket` is just a converter. It does not actually run any tests. For our project we will use the assignment test files in the course as the basis of our test suites. Run `Bottle-Racket` first to generate the test area and test suite files necessary for `Test-Capture` to function properly.

This is the window you will start with when you run the script. 
* The first two text fields will be populated based on the file you select with the `Browse...` button.
* The `Test Mode` section determines whether or not you want to make a test area file which runs the generated test cases in RackUnit's GUI or textual interface. For our purposes, the textual interface is what allows us to capture test results, so choose `run-tests` for this option.
* When the `Convert` button is clicked, the bottom three text fields will be populated.

[pic1]

This is what the window will look like when you click the `Convert` button after specifying the source assignment file and the test file associated with it, along with `run-tests` as the mode. You now have a test area and test suite file for that assignment, so we're ready to move on to `Test-Capture`.

[pic2]

### Test-Capture GUI

File: `test-capture.rkt`
Now that we have the test area and test suite file generated from `Bottle-Racket`, we can run the tests and send the results to an email list.

This is the window you will start with when you run the script.
* The `Test Area File` text field is populated by using the `Browse...` button to find the test area file generated by `Bottle-Racket`.
* The `Test Result Output Directory` field is just the directory where the test result files are created, but its use is already handled in the script. This should only be changed if the user is on a different team (e.g. "DNS Result" instead of "QA Test Result")
* The `To` field is populated when the email list is configured. Do not manually populate this field.
* The `Subject` field is the subject of the email that will be sent when the test script is run.

[cap1]

First, we need to generate the script file for running the test area file. Click `Make Test Running Script` after you've specified the Test Area File.

[cap2]

Second, we need to configure the email list to send the test results out to. Click `Configure Emails` to get a new dialog window. Initially this window might be empty, so I'm dealing with that case here. Email lists are stored in a database on the local computer, so next time you won't have to configure this email list.



<!-- Links -->
[Bottle-Video]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwUrjR4FEVA
